feat(esl-image-utils): create esl-img-container mixin to provide imgcontainer functionality (#2574)
exadel-inc/esl: src/modules/esl-image-utils/README.md

  
  By default, the target is the host element itself for both cases.

### Usage

Set default `img-container-loaded` class on image container upon image load.
The most common use case, host element is the container.
```html
<div class="img-container img-container-16-9" esl-img-state-cls>
  <img alt src="image.jpg"/>
</div>
```
or
```html
<picture class="img-container img-container-16-9" esl-img-state-cls>
  <source srcset="image.webp" type="image/webp">
  <img alt src="image.jpg"/>
</picture>
```

Set `img-container-loaded` class on the direct parent of the image element upon image load.
Mixin hosted on the img element.
```html
<div class="img-container">
  <img alt src="image.jpg" esl-img-state-cls esl-img-state-cls-target="::parent"/>
</div>
```

Set custom class `loaded` on the direct parent of the image element upon image load and class `error` in case of image loading error.
```html
<div class="img-container" esl-img-state-cls="loaded" esl-img-state-cls-error="error">
  <img alt src="image.jpg"/>
</div>
```

> Set custom class `loaded` on the direct parent of the image element upon image successful load.
> Note: the error class query executed after the plain class query. So error class query could override the plain class query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets custom class `loaded` on the direct parent of the image element upon the image successfully loading.
Note: the error class query is executed after the plain class query. So error class query could override the plain class query.
```

The custom attribute should be placed on the img tag. 

### Attributes

- `esl-img-container` (primary) - mixin attribute, provides ESLTraversingQuery to find the container element. Default `::parent` (direct parent).
- `esl-img-container-cls` - optional, class to set on the container element. Supports CSSClassUtils query. Default `img-container-loaded`.
- `esl-img-container-error-cls` - optional, class to set on the container element in case of image loading error. Supports CSSClassUtils query. Default `img-container-error`.

### Usage

Set `img-container-loaded` class on the direct parent of the image element upon image load.
```html
<div class="img-container">
  <img alt src="image.jpg" esl-img-container/>
</div>
```

Set class `img-container-loaded` on closest parent with class `img-container` upon image load.
```html
<div class="img-container">
  <picture>
    <source srcset="image.webp" type="image/webp">
    <img alt src="image.jpg" esl-img-container="::closest(.img-container)"/>
  </picture>
</div>
```
Note: it is not necessary to use `::closest` query in current case. `::parent` query with selector `img-container` will work as well.

> Set custom class `loaded` on the direct parent of the image element upon image load.

Reviewer 2: mb simplify examples with error and loaded classes?
